
DEFINE SCHEMAOWNER = 'CONNECT_MS.';

## Please follow the below steps to reset the sequences for the messages

1. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(SRVC_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_SRVC;'
2. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 3. e.g. if step 1 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 3. 
3. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_SRVC modify SRVC_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'
    
4. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(MSG_HDR_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_HDR;'
5. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 6. e.g. if step 4 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 6. 
6. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_HDR modify MSG_HDR_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'
 
7. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(TAG_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_TAG;'
8. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 9. e.g. if step 7 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 9. 
9. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_TAG modify TAG_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'

10. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(MSG_BDY_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_BDY;'
11. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 12. e.g. if step 10 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 12 
12. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_BDY modify MSG_BDY_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'

13. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(MSG_EVNT_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_EVNT;'
14. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 15. e.g. if step 13 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 15. 
15. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_MSG_EVNT modify MSG_EVNT_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'


## Please follow the below steps to reset the sequences for the bulk

1. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(BLK_HDR_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_BLK_HDR;'
2. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 3. e.g. if step 1 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 3. 
3. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_BLK_HDR modify BLK_HDR_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'
    
4. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(BLK_EVNT_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_BLK_EVNT;'
5. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 6. e.g. if step 4 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 6. 
6. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_BLK_EVNT modify BLK_EVNT_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'
 
7. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(BLK_RCRD_HDR_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_RCRD_HDR;'
8. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 9. e.g. if step 7 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 9. 
9. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_RCRD_HDR modify BLK_RCRD_HDR_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'

10. Run this 'SELECT NVL(MAX(BLK_RCRD_EVNT_ID)+1, 0) AS MAX_VAL FROM &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_RCRD_EVNT;'
11. Take the output of above command and replace <maxVal> in step 12. e.g. if step 10 returns 100 then set <maxVal> to 100 in step 12 
12. Run this 'alter table &SCHEMAOWNER.MS_RCRD_EVNT modify BLK_RCRD_EVNT_ID GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY restart start with <maxVal>;'